
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavour. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon

Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. -Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -Anne Frank
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou

"Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not." -Oscar Wilde

"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." -Tony Robbins

"In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love." -Mother Teresa

"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." -Albert Einstein

"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." -Dalai Lama

"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon

"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." -Mae West

"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air." -Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." -Henry David Thoreau

"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela

"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." -Confucius

"May you live all the days of your life." -Jonathan Swift

"Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." -Hans Christian Andersen

"Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life." -John Wooden

"Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved." -D. H. Lawrence


Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. -Marilyn Monroe
Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
Love the life you live. Live the life you love. -Bob Marley
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison

Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston S. Churchill
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -Henry David Thoreau
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -Steve Jobs
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. -Barack Obama

The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. -Lao Tzu

That which does not kill us makes us stronger. -Friedrich Nietzsche

“Fortune favors the bold.” -Virgil

Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. -John Lennon

When the going gets tough, the tough get going. -Joe Kennedy

You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi

You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -Mae West

“I think, therefore I am.” -René Descartes

Tough times never last but tough people do. -Robert H. Schuller

Get busy living or get busy dying. -Stephen King

Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. -Henry Ford

Tis better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all. -Alrded Lord Tennyson

“Time is money.” -Benjamin Franklin

A man is but what he knows. -Sir Francis Bacon

You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky

If you’re going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill

Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -Albert Einstein

“I came, I saw, I conquered.” -Julius Caesar

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. -Mark Twain

Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. -Eleanor Roosevelt

Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. -John F. Kennedy

The opposite of love is not hate; it’s indifference. -Elie Wiesel

“When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” -Elbert Hubbard

Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth

Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re going to get. -Forrest Gump

He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. -Benjamin Franklin

Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. -Charles Swindoll

“Practice makes perfect.” -Vince Lombardi

Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman Vaughan

A great man is always willing to be little. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. -Neil Armstrong

Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. -Voltaire

“Knowledge is power.” -Sir Francis Bacon



A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley

In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on. -Robert Frost

If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa

The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. -Malcolm X

Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. -John D. Rockefeller

“Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it.” -Salvador Dalí

The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela

When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt

In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit. -Anne Frank

Sing like no one’s listening, love like you’ve never been hurt, dance like nobody’s watching, and live like it’s heaven on earth. -Mark Twain

“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” -Nelson Mandela

Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Teddy Roosevelt

People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be. -Abraham Lincoln

Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. -Harriet Tubman

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston Churchill

Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.

“If you want to be happy, be.” -Leo Tolstoy

The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. -Tony Robbins

When I dare to be powerful -to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. -Audre Lorde

I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. -Albert Einstein

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift

“Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.” -Benjamin Disraeli

We have nothing to fear but fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -George Santayana

The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -Edmund Burke

Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein

Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny. -Stephen Hawking

“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.” -Leonardo da Vinci

It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot

The power of imagination makes us infinite. -John Muir

Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. -George Addair

We design our lives through the power of choices. -Richard Bach

Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars. -Les Brown

“Genius is eternal patience.” -Michelangelo

If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything. -Mark Twain

Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. -Aristotle

We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle

Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. -Søren Kierkegaard

All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream. -Edgar Allen Poe

“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” -William Shakespeare

The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. -Ayn Rand

Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. -Bil Keane

What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

Those who make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities. -Voltaire

You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato

“Change your thoughts, and you change your world.” -Norman Vincent Peale

Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you. -George R. R. Martin

When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. -Paolo Coelho

Our greatest fear should not be of failure… but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter. -Francis Chan

Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. -Joshua J. Marine

You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou

“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” -Mark Twain

Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow. -Helen Keller

Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. -Oscar Wilde

Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. -John Dalberg-Acton


Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -George Santayana


Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I’m possible!’ -Audrey Hepburn

Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. -Margaret Meade

"Don’t count the days, make the days count.” -Muhammad Ali

It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. -Herman Melville

A mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work if it isn’t open. -Frank Zappa
It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. -J.K. Rowling

A lion doesn’t concern himself with the opinions of the sheep. -Lionel Messi

“Stay hungry, stay foolish.” -Steve Jobs

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney

Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. -Voltaire

A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. -Jim Morrison

I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa

“You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down.” -Charlie Chaplin

It’s never too late to be who you might have been. -George Eliot

If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all? -Joe Namath

Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don’t know. -Bertrand Russell

The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. -Bruce Lee

You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. -Dr. Seuss

Ability is of little account without opportunity. -Lucille Ball

“If you don’t stand for something you will fall for anything.” -Gordon A. Eadie

In order to write about life first you must live it. -Ernest Hemingway

The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. -Frank Sinatra

We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. -George Bernard Shaw

If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. -Isaac Newton

Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison 

When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. -Paolo Coelho

“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.” -Les Brown

Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. -Buddha

The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it. -George Orwell

All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. -Walt Disney

You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis

Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. -Hans Christian Andersen

It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts. -Ella Fitzgerald

Turn your wounds into wisdom. -Oprah Winfrey

“The price of greatness is responsibility.” -Winston Churchill

Knowledge makes a man unfit to be a slave. -Frederick Douglas

Happiness is a direction, not a place. -Sydney J. Harris

Great geniuses have the shortest biographies. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

Try to be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud. -Maya Angelou

In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -Albert Einstein

“The best way out is always through.” -Robert Frost

Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle

Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -Oscar Wilde

I am, therefore I think. -Ayn Rand

Whatever you do, do with all your might. -Marcus Tullius Cicero

All limitations are self-imposed. -Oliver Wendel Holmes

“No pressure, no diamonds.” -Thomas Carlyle

Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. -Marthe Troly-Curtin

Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. -Al Pacino, The Godfather Part II

The time is always right to do what is right. -Martin Luther King, Jr.

Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin

There is nothing impossible to him who will try. -Alexander the Great

“The pen is mightier than the sword.” -Edward Bulwer-Lytton

This above all: to thine own self be true. -William Shakespeare

Actions speak louder than words. -Abraham Lincoln

The purpose of our lives is to be happy. -Dalai Lama

All that we are is the result of what we have thought. -Buddha

Arguing with a fool proves there are two. -Doris Smith

A penny saved is a penny earned. -Benjamin Franklin

“Necessity is the mother of invention.” -Plato

An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. -Ralph Waldo Emerson

A fool and his money are soon parted. -Thomas Tusser

He who angers you conquers you. -Elizabeth Kenny

A mind is a terrible thing to waste. -Arthur Fletcher

Two wrongs don’t make a right. -Benjamin Rush

“Don’t put the cart before the horse.” -Cicero

You can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. -Francois de Charette

Beggars can’t be choosers. -John Heywood

If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. -Bert Lance

All good things must come to an end. -Geoffrey Chaucer

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. -Margaret Wolfe Hungerford

Familiarity breeds contempt. -Geoffrey Chaucer

“The early bird catches the worm.” -John Ray

All things come to those who wait. -Lady Mary Montgomerie Currie

A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. -Thomas Reid

Honesty is the best policy. -Edwin Sandys

Don’t count your chickens before they hatch. -Thomas Howell

Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. -Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach

Great minds think alike. -Carl Theodor von Unlanski

Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder: sometimes they pretend to be your friend first. -Harambe